---
layout: clean
---

!>http://gravatar.com/avatar/f3e370078fed146b6325b049fd767745?s=200!

h1. Arseniy Razin

h2. Contacts

E-mail: "spufru@ya.ru":mailto:spufru@ya.ru
Skype: arseniy.razin
Website: "http://spuf.ru":http://spuf.ru
Mobile phone: +7 (985) 480-0530

h2. Work experience

*07.2010–08.2010*
ER-telecom Holding
_Position:_ Web-developer
* Develop web-sites using CMS Drupal (PHP)

*02.2012–08.2013*
AwardWallet LLC ("http://awardwallet.com/":http://awardwallet.com/)
_Position:_ Web-developer
* Extend functionality of a project on Symfony2 (PHP)
* Develop HTML5 mobile application using PhoneGap platform

*09.2013–present*
2Comrades ("http://twocomrades.ru/":http://twocomrades.ru/)
_Position:_ Web-developer
* Develop frontend (jQuery, Backbone) and backend (PHP, MySQL) of web-applications.

h2. Education

*2009–2013* NRU Higher School of Economics (Perm, Russia)
_Faculty:_ Business-informatics
_Speciality:_ Enterprise architecture (bachelor)

*2013–2015* NRU Higher School of Economics (Moscow, Russia)
_Faculty:_ Business-informatics
_Speciality:_ Software development management (master).

h2. Skills

* Work with following programming languages, frameworks and libraries:
** JavaScript (Node.js, Backbone, Angular, jQuery);
** PHP (Symfony2, Drupal), Python (GAE);
** Objective-C, Java (Android);
** C#, C++, Delphi;
** XPath, RegExp.
* Have expirience with revision control systems: Subversion, Git.
* Have developed mobile applications on PhoneGap (Cordova) platform.
* Advanced user of Windows, OS X, and Linux operating systems.

h2. Languages

* Russian - native
* English – advanced
* German – intermediate
