---
layout: clean
---

!>http://gravatar.com/avatar/f3e370078fed146b6325b049fd767745?s=200!

h1. Arseny Razin

h2. Contacts

E-mail: "spufru@gmail.com":mailto:spufru@gmail.com
Skype: arseniy.razin
Website: "http://arseny.me/":http://arseny.me/
Github: "http://github.com/spuf":http://github.com/spuf
Mobile phone: +7 (926) 546-4365

h2. Work experience

*07.2010–08.2010*
ER-telecom Holding
_Position:_ Web developer
* Develop intranet website using CMS Drupal (PHP)

*02.2012–08.2013*
AwardWallet LLC ("http://awardwallet.com":http://awardwallet.com)
_Position:_ Web developer
* Refactor some core functionality of monolith PHP application using unit testing
* Implement new features to a project on Symfony2 (PHP)
* Develop HTML5 mobile application using PhoneGap platform (JavaScript, Objective-C, Java)

*09.2013–01.2014*
2Comrades ("http://twocomrades.ru":http://twocomrades.ru)
_Position:_ JavaScript developer
* Develop frontend (jQuery, Backbone) of web application
* Develop monitoring and statistics functionality (Canvas, Highcharts)
* Connect different maps sevices API providers

*02.2014–present*
Dalee ("http://www.dalee.ru":http://www.dalee.ru)
_Position:_ Web developer
* Develop websites using PHP and JavaScript
* Work with MegaFon website (BEM methodology)
* Develop and refactoring microservices on Node.js and Ruby

h2. Education

*2009–2013* NRU Higher School of Economics (Perm, Russia)
Bachelor's degree in Business informatics

*2013–2015* NRU Higher School of Economics (Moscow, Russia)
Master's degree in Software Engineering (in English).

h2. Skills

* Work with following programming languages, frameworks and libraries:
** JavaScript (Node.js, Backbone, Angular, jQuery);
** PHP (Symfony2, Drupal), Python (GAE);
** Objective-C, Java (Android);
** C#, C++, Delphi;
** XPath, RegExp.
* Have expirience with revision control systems: Subversion, Git.
* Have developed mobile applications on PhoneGap (Cordova) platform.
* Advanced user of OS X, Linux, and Windows operating systems.

h2. Languages

* Russian - native
* English – advanced
